feat(docs): update to docs from sphinx to starlight (#659)
algorandfoundation/puya: docs/src/content/docs/language-guide/arc28.md

---
title: ARC-28 Events
description: Emitting ARC-28 events from Algorand Python contracts
---

> [ARC-28](https://github.com/algorandfoundation/ARCs/blob/main/ARCs/arc-0028.md) provides a methodology for structured logging by Algorand smart contracts. It introduces the concept of Events, where data contained in logs may be categorized and structured.

Reviewer: Maybe https://dev.algorand.co/arc-standards/arc-0028/

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[ARC-28](https://dev.algorand.co/arc-standards/arc-0028/) provides a methodology for structured logging by Algorand smart contracts. It introduces the concept of Events, where data contained in logs may be categorized and structured.
```
